FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

FR NO	Functional
requirements(EPI C)	Sub Requirement (Story / Sub-Task)
FR-1	Register	Input data: Name, address, phone number, email id, date of birth, gender, height, working hours, eating habits, medical history, username and password.
Processing step: The user who is new to the app must register.
Output Data: The user has registered in the app and has valid credentials.
FR-2	Login	Input data: E-mail id or phone number and password. Processing step: User can now login in the app.
Output Data: The user can use the application and get to home screen.
FR-3	choose pacakage	Input data: Name, offers, features, duration of the package. Processing step: The user will select the desired package.
Output Data: Proceed to payment gateway.
FR-4	Generate the daily plan	Input data: Day of the week. Processing step: Suitable diet and exercise plan will be made for user.
Output Data: Diet and exercise plan will be provided to the user.
FR-5	Query	Input data: User query. Processing step: The user can ask for changes in plan.
Output Data: Updated plan (may or may not be available).
FR-6	manage progress report	Input data: Height, weight, working hours, eating habits, medical history Processing step: Gathering information from database and generating report Output Data: Progress report.
FR-7	payment	Input data: Credit card number, month, year, CVV, amount. Processing step: The payment has to be made for the selected package.
Output data: Status of package and conﬁrmation message.
FR-8	update the details	Input data: Height, weight, working hours, eating habits, medical history.
Processing step: The details will be updated in the database.
Output data: Updated details of the user
FR-9	Feedback	Input data: Reviews/suggestions.
Processing step: Storing in the corresponding database.
Output data: Feedback submitted.


NON FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENT
Following are the non-functional requirements of the proposed solution


	Non-Functional Requirement	Description
NFR-1	Usability	User must have a smartphone that
supports android 7 and later versions or ios 13 and later versions.
NFR-2	security	Users will be able to access only their personal information and not that of other users. Medical conditions and payment methods will be handled through a secure server to ensure the protection of user’s credit card and
personal information.
NFR-3	Reliability	The average time of failure shall be 7
days. If the app crashes then a backup should be given in 7 days.
NFR-4	Performance	Any updates or detect ﬁxes shall be
made on server-side computers only without any patches required by the user.
NFR-5	Availability	The dietician Swasthya App shall be available to users 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If the bug appears then it
should be handled within 12 hours.
NFR-6	Scalability	Probability of a piece of software operating without failure while in a speciﬁed environment over a set
duration of time will be 85%.
